import { Meta } from "@storybook/addon-docs"

<Meta title="ANET User Stories/Introduction" />

# Getting Started in ANET

Welcome to ANET! We hope you’re finding it easy to use. In the information below, we describe a
little bit about how the system works, and some of the major uses cases for this software. If you do
need help, you can read below to see if there are instructions for what you’re trying to do. If your
question still isn’t answered, please email the system administrator.

## What is the Advisor Network (ANET)?

ANET is an online tool designed to aid Train, Advise, and Assist (TAA) missions between NATO
advisors, and the people receiving the TAA, called principals in the context of ANET. It does this
by giving advisors an easy way to record the outcomes of their engagements, and share that
information across the mission as needed. ANET’s advanced search capabilities make it easy for
advising organizations and mission leadership to gain context on engagements which can shape future
decision making.

## Sensitive information and Authorization Groups

In general, almost all information in ANET is accessible to all fully authenticated users. However,
in some places, ANET can record sensitive information. This comes in two different flavors:

1. sensitive information text as part of engagement reports
1. custom sensitive information fields for e.g. people, as defined in the ANET dictionary
   (configuration)

For both flavors, access to the sensitive information is first and foremost restricted to people
holding active positions in the chosen authorization groups. For engagement reports, authors are
allowed to select these authorization groups themselves. For the custom sensitive information
fields, the authorization groups that have access are defined in the ANET configuration, by the
application administrator.

In addition to people in the authorization groups, sensitive information in engagement reports is
also accessible to the report's author(s). And sensitive information for people or positions is also
accessible to those people's or position's counterparts.

Administrators define the available authorization groups, and who is in them. These groups should
have a descriptive name, so report authors know which ones to choose. Also, administrators have
access to all information.

## Using ANET for the first time

### Accessing ANET

To log in for the first time, you’ll need to log onto a computer with access inside the mission
network. When you’ve done that, open up a web browser and go to the ANET webpage. Then you’ll be
able to use the Advisor Network (ANET).

ANET logs you in with your existing credentials, so as long as you can log into your computer, you
should be able to access ANET and already be logged in to your account.

### Checking your information

The first time you visit, you’ll first be taken to a page that shows your profile information.
Please make sure that your name (in canonical form: LAST NAME, First name(s)), rank, position, and
other information is correct. You’ll need be associated with a position in order to see your
organization’s reports and have your reports approved by your Super User.

You can add a position to your profile by typing the position into the field next to the word
“Position”. As you type, we’ll search the existing positions to find what you’re typing in. If we
don’t find your position, you’ll need to ask your Super User to create the position for you. Your
Super User can also add you to a position once they’ve created the position.

After this information is up to date, you’re ready to use ANET.
